English Version: Step-by-Step Instructions for a Python Beginner
Step 1: Install Python
Python is the program that runs your code.
Open your web browser and go to python.org.
Click "Downloads" and choose the latest version (e.g., Python 3.11).
Download the installer for your system (Windows, Mac, or Linux).
Open the downloaded file to start the installer.
Check the box "Add Python to PATH" so your computer knows where to find it.
Click "Install Now" and wait for it to finish.
To test: Open Command Prompt (Windows: search "cmd") or Terminal (Mac/Linux), type python --version, and press Enter. You should see "Python 3.11.5" or similar.
Step 2: Install Required Libraries
Libraries add extra features to Python, like tools for your project.
Open Command Prompt or Terminal.
Type these commands one at a time, pressing Enter after each:
pip install cryptography (for encryption).
pip install libsignal-protocol-python (for Signal).
pip install twilio (for SMS).
Wait for each command to finish (you’ll see text scroll by).
To check: Type pip list and look for cryptography, twilio, etc., in the list.
Step 3: Save the Script
The script is your main program.
Open a text editor (e.g., Notepad on Windows, TextEdit on Mac, or VS Code).
Copy the entire script from above.
Paste it into the text editor.
Save it as secure_scanner.py (ensure it ends with .py).
Save it in a folder you can find, like "Desktop" or "Documents".
Step 4: Set Up Twilio for SMS (Phantom Reaper)
Twilio lets you send SMS messages.
Go to twilio.com and sign up with an email and password.
After signing in, click "Get a Twilio phone number" and copy the number (e.g., +1-555-123-4567).
On the Twilio dashboard, find "Account SID" and "Auth Token" and copy them.
Open secure_scanner.py in your text editor.
Find the phantom_reaper_connect function.
Replace YOUR_ACCOUNT_SID, YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN, and YOUR_TWILIO_NUMBER with your Twilio details.
Save the file.
Step 5: Set Up ProtonMail for Encrypted Email
ProtonMail sends your secure emails, but it needs a special tool called ProtonMail Bridge.
Sign up at proton.me if you don’t have an account (use @protonmail.com or @proton.me).
Download ProtonMail Bridge from proton.me/support/protonmail-bridge (Windows or Mac only).
Install and run ProtonMail Bridge (log in with your ProtonMail account).
In Bridge, go to "Mailbox configuration" and note your password (it’s different from your login password).
Open secure_scanner.py in your text editor.
Find the send_encrypted_email function.
Replace "YOUR_PROTONMAIL_ADDRESS@protonmail.com" with your ProtonMail email (e.g., myname@protonmail.com).
Replace "YOUR_BRIDGE_PASSWORD" with the password from Bridge.
Save the file.
Step 6: Run the Script
Open Command Prompt or Terminal.
Go to the folder with secure_scanner.py (e.g., type cd Desktop if it’s there).
Type python secure_scanner.py --go-dummy-mode and press Enter.
A window (GUI) will appear with controls.
Step 7: Use the Port Scanner
In the GUI, look at the "Port Scanner" section.
Type a host (e.g., localhost) in the "Host" box.
Keep "Start Port" as 1 and "End Port" as 100 (or change them).
Click "Scan"—results will show in the box below (e.g., "Port 80: open").
Step 8: Use the Chat Server
In "Encrypted Chat", keep "Server Host" as 0.0.0.0 and "Port" as 8888.
Click "Start Server"—the status will say "Server running".
You’ll need a Signal client to test (for now, it’s set up but needs a connection).
Step 9: Send an SMS with Phantom Reaper
In "Remote Number/Email", type a phone number (e.g., +15551234567—test with your own).
In "Message", type "Hi there!".
Click "Phantom Reaper"—check your phone for the SMS.
Step 10: Send an Encrypted Email
In "Remote Number/Email", type an email (e.g., friend@protonmail.com).
In "Message", type "Top secret!".
Choose "3 sec" from "Email Key Rotation".
Click "Send Encrypted Email"—check the email (it’ll be encrypted).
Spanish Version: Instrucciones Paso a Paso para un Principiante en Python
Paso 1: Instalar Python
Python es el programa que ejecuta tu código.
Abre tu navegador y ve a python.org.
Haz clic en "Downloads" y elige la última versión (ej., Python 3.11).
Descarga el instalador para tu sistema (Windows, Mac o Linux).
Abre el archivo descargado para iniciar la instalación.
Marca la casilla "Add Python to PATH" para que tu computadora lo encuentre.
Haz clic en "Install Now" y espera a que termine.
Para probar: Abre el Símbolo del Sistema (Windows: busca "cmd") o Terminal (Mac/Linux), escribe python --version y presiona Enter. Deberías ver "Python 3.11.5" o similar.
Paso 2: Instalar Librerías Requeridas
Las librerías añaden funciones extra a Python.
Abre el Símbolo del Sistema o Terminal.
Escribe estos comandos uno por uno, presionando Enter después de cada uno:
pip install cryptography (para cifrado).
pip install libsignal-protocol-python (para Signal).
pip install twilio (para SMS).
Espera a que cada comando termine (verás texto pasar).
Para verificar: Escribe pip list y busca cryptography, twilio, etc., en la lista.
Paso 3: Guardar el Script
El script es tu programa principal.
Abre un editor de texto (ej., Notepad en Windows, TextEdit en Mac o VS Code).
Copia todo el script de arriba.
Pégalo en el editor de texto.
Guárdalo como secure_scanner.py (asegúrate de que termine en .py).
Guárdalo en una carpeta fácil de encontrar, como "Escritorio" o "Documentos".
Paso 4: Configurar Twilio para SMS (Phantom Reaper)
Twilio te permite enviar mensajes SMS.
Ve a twilio.com y regístrate con un correo y contraseña.
Después de iniciar sesión, haz clic en "Get a Twilio phone number" y copia el número (ej., +1-555-123-4567).
En el panel de Twilio, encuentra "Account SID" y "Auth Token" y cópialos.
Abre secure_scanner.py en tu editor de texto.
Busca la función phantom_reaper_connect.
Reemplaza YOUR_ACCOUNT_SID, YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN y YOUR_TWILIO_NUMBER con tus datos de Twilio.
Guarda el archivo.
Paso 5: Configurar ProtonMail para Correo Cifrado
ProtonMail envía tus correos seguros, pero necesita ProtonMail Bridge.
Regístrate en proton.me si no tienes cuenta (usa @protonmail.com o @proton.me).
Descarga ProtonMail Bridge desde proton.me/support/protonmail-bridge (solo Windows o Mac).
Instala y ejecuta ProtonMail Bridge (inicia sesión con tu cuenta).
En Bridge, ve a "Mailbox configuration" y anota tu contraseña (es diferente a tu contraseña de inicio).
Abre secure_scanner.py en tu editor.
Busca la función send_encrypted_email.
Reemplaza "YOUR_PROTONMAIL_ADDRESS@protonmail.com" con tu correo ProtonMail (ej., minombre@protonmail.com).
Reemplaza "YOUR_BRIDGE_PASSWORD" con la contraseña de Bridge.
Guarda el archivo.
Paso 6: Ejecutar el Script
Abre el Símbolo del Sistema o Terminal.
Ve a la carpeta con secure_scanner.py (ej., escribe cd Escritorio si está ahí).
Escribe python secure_scanner.py --go-dummy-mode y presiona Enter.
Aparecerá una ventana (GUI) con controles.
Paso 7: Usar el Escáner de Puertos
En la GUI, mira la sección "Port Scanner".
Escribe un host (ej., localhost) en el cuadro "Host".
Deja "Start Port" en 1 y "End Port" en 100 (o cámbialos).
Haz clic en "Scan"—los resultados aparecerán abajo (ej., "Port 80: open").
Paso 8: Usar el Servidor de Chat
En "Encrypted Chat", deja "Server Host" como 0.0.0.0 y "Port" como 8888.
Haz clic en "Start Server"—el estado dirá "Server running".
Necesitas un cliente Signal para probar (por ahora, está listo pero necesita conexión).
Paso 9: Enviar un SMS con Phantom Reaper
En "Remote Number/Email", escribe un número (ej., +15551234567—prueba con el tuyo).
En "Message", escribe "¡Hola!".
Haz clic en "Phantom Reaper"—revisa tu teléfono para el SMS.
Paso 10: Enviar un Correo Cifrado
En "Remote Number/Email", escribe un correo (ej., amigo@protonmail.com).
En "Message", escribe "¡Secreto!".
Elige "3 sec" en "Email Key Rotation".
Haz clic en "Send Encrypted Email"—revisa el correo (estará cifrado).
French Version: Instructions Pas à Pas pour un Débutant en Python
Étape 1 : Installer Python
Python est le programme qui exécute votre code.
Ouvre ton navigateur et va sur python.org.
Clique sur "Downloads" et choisis la dernière version (ex., Python 3.11).
Télécharge l’installateur pour ton système (Windows, Mac ou Linux).
Ouvre le fichier téléchargé pour lancer l’installation.
Coche la case "Add Python to PATH" pour que ton ordinateur le trouve.
Clique sur "Install Now" et attends la fin.
Pour tester : Ouvre l’Invite de commandes (Windows : cherche "cmd") ou le Terminal (Mac/Linux), tape python --version et appuie sur Entrée. Tu devrais voir "Python 3.11.5" ou similaire.
Étape 2 : Installer les Bibliothèques Requises
Les bibliothèques ajoutent des fonctionnalités à Python.
Ouvre l’Invite de commandes ou le Terminal.
Tape ces commandes une par une, en appuyant sur Entrée après chacune :
pip install cryptography (pour le chiffrement).
pip install libsignal-protocol-python (pour Signal).
pip install twilio (pour les SMS).
Attends que chaque commande finisse (tu verras du texte défiler).
Pour vérifier : Tape pip list et cherche cryptography, twilio, etc., dans la liste.
Étape 3 : Sauvegarder le Script
Le script est ton programme principal.
Ouvre un éditeur de texte (ex., Notepad sur Windows, TextEdit sur Mac ou VS Code).
Copie tout le script ci-dessus.
Colle-le dans l’éditeur de texte.
Sauvegarde-le sous secure_scanner.py (assure-toi qu’il finit par .py).
Sauvegarde-le dans un dossier facile à trouver, comme "Bureau" ou "Documents".
Étape 4 : Configurer Twilio pour les SMS (Phantom Reaper)
Twilio te permet d’envoyer des SMS.
Va sur twilio.com et inscris-toi avec un email et un mot de passe.
Après connexion, clique sur "Get a Twilio phone number" et copie le numéro (ex., +1-555-123-4567).
Sur le tableau de bord Twilio, trouve "Account SID" et "Auth Token" et copie-les.
Ouvre secure_scanner.py dans ton éditeur.
Cherche la fonction phantom_reaper_connect.
Remplace YOUR_ACCOUNT_SID, YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN et YOUR_TWILIO_NUMBER par tes données Twilio.
Sauvegarde le fichier.
Étape 5 : Configurer ProtonMail pour les Emails Chiffrés
ProtonMail envoie tes emails sécurisés, mais nécessite ProtonMail Bridge.
Inscris-toi sur proton.me si tu n’as pas de compte (utilise @protonmail.com ou @proton.me).
Télécharge ProtonMail Bridge sur proton.me/support/protonmail-bridge (Windows ou Mac uniquement).
Installe et lance ProtonMail Bridge (connecte-toi avec ton compte).
Dans Bridge, va à "Mailbox configuration" et note ton mot de passe (différent de ton mot de passe de connexion).
Ouvre secure_scanner.py dans ton éditeur.
Cherche la fonction send_encrypted_email.
Remplace "YOUR_PROTONMAIL_ADDRESS@protonmail.com" par ton email ProtonMail (ex., monnom@protonmail.com).
Remplace "YOUR_BRIDGE_PASSWORD" par le mot de passe de Bridge.
Sauvegarde le fichier.
Étape 6 : Exécuter le Script
Ouvre l’Invite de commandes ou le Terminal.
Va dans le dossier avec secure_scanner.py (ex., tape cd Bureau s’il y est).
Tape python secure_scanner.py --go-dummy-mode et appuie sur Entrée.
Une fenêtre (GUI) apparaîtra avec des contrôles.
Étape 7 : Utiliser le Scanner de Ports
Dans la GUI, regarde la section "Port Scanner".
Tape un hôte (ex., localhost) dans la case "Host".
Laisse "Start Port" à 1 et "End Port" à 100 (ou change-les).
Clique sur "Scan"—les résultats apparaîtront en bas (ex., "Port 80: open").
Étape 8 : Utiliser le Serveur de Chat
Dans "Encrypted Chat", laisse "Server Host" à 0.0.0.0 et "Port" à 8888.
Clique sur "Start Server"—le statut dira "Server running".
Il faut un client Signal pour tester (pour l’instant, c’est prêt mais nécessite une connexion).
Étape 9 : Envoyer un SMS avec Phantom Reaper
Dans "Remote Number/Email", tape un numéro (ex., +15551234567—teste avec le tien).
Dans "Message", tape "Salut !".
Clique sur "Phantom Reaper"—vérifie ton téléphone pour le SMS.
Étape 10 : Envoyer un Email Chiffré
Dans "Remote Number/Email", tape un email (ex., ami@protonmail.com).
Dans "Message", tape "Secret !".
Choisis "3 sec" dans "Email Key Rotation".
Clique sur "Send Encrypted Email"—vérifie l’email (il sera chiffré).
German Version: Schritt-für-Schritt-Anleitung für einen Python-Anfänger
Schritt 1: Python Installieren
Python ist das Programm, das deinen Code ausführt.
Öffne deinen Browser und gehe zu python.org.
Klicke auf "Downloads" und wähle die neueste Version (z.B. Python 3.11).
Lade das Installationsprogramm für dein System herunter (Windows, Mac oder Linux).
Öffne die heruntergeladene Datei, um die Installation zu starten.
Aktiviere die Option "Add Python to PATH", damit dein Computer es findet.
Klicke auf "Install Now" und warte, bis es fertig ist.
Zum Testen: Öffne die Eingabeaufforderung (Windows: suche "cmd") oder das Terminal (Mac/Linux), tippe python --version und drücke Enter. Du solltest "Python 3.11.5" oder ähnliches sehen.
Schritt 2: Erforderliche Bibliotheken Installieren
Bibliotheken fügen Python zusätzliche Funktionen hinzu.
Öffne die Eingabeaufforderung oder das Terminal.
Gib diese Befehle einzeln ein und drücke nach jedem Enter:
pip install cryptography (für Verschlüsselung).
pip install libsignal-protocol-python (für Signal).
pip install twilio (für SMS).
Warte, bis jeder Befehl abgeschlossen ist (Text scrollt vorbei).
Zum Überprüfen: Gib pip list ein und suche nach cryptography, twilio, etc., in der Liste.
Schritt 3: Das Skript Speichern
Das Skript ist dein Hauptprogramm.
Öffne einen Texteditor (z.B. Notepad unter Windows, TextEdit unter Mac oder VS Code).
Kopiere das gesamte Skript von oben.
Füge es in den Texteditor ein.
Speichere es als secure_scanner.py (stelle sicher, dass es mit .py endet).
Speichere es in einem leicht auffindbaren Ordner, wie "Desktop" oder "Dokumente".
Schritt 4: Twilio für SMS Einrichten (Phantom Reaper)
Twilio ermöglicht das Senden von SMS.
Gehe zu twilio.com und melde dich mit einer E-Mail und einem Passwort an.
Nach dem Einloggen klicke auf "Get a Twilio phone number" und kopiere die Nummer (z.B. +1-555-123-4567).
Finde im Twilio-Dashboard "Account SID" und "Auth Token" und kopiere sie.
Öffne secure_scanner.py in deinem Texteditor.
Suche die Funktion phantom_reaper_connect.
Ersetze YOUR_ACCOUNT_SID, YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN und YOUR_TWILIO_NUMBER mit deinen Twilio-Daten.
Speichere die Datei.
Schritt 5: ProtonMail für Verschlüsselte E-Mails Einrichten
ProtonMail sendet deine sicheren E-Mails, benötigt aber ProtonMail Bridge.
Melde dich bei proton.me an, falls du kein Konto hast (nutze @protonmail.com oder @proton.me).
Lade ProtonMail Bridge von proton.me/support/protonmail-bridge herunter (nur Windows oder Mac).
Installiere und starte ProtonMail Bridge (melde dich mit deinem Konto an).
Gehe in Bridge zu "Mailbox configuration" und notiere dein Passwort (es unterscheidet sich vom Anmeldepasswort).
Öffne secure_scanner.py in deinem Editor.
Suche die Funktion send_encrypted_email.
Ersetze "YOUR_PROTONMAIL_ADDRESS@protonmail.com" mit deiner ProtonMail-Adresse (z.B. meinname@protonmail.com).
Ersetze "YOUR_BRIDGE_PASSWORD" mit dem Passwort von Bridge.
Speichere die Datei.
Schritt 6: Das Skript Ausführen
Öffne die Eingabeaufforderung oder das Terminal.
Gehe zum Ordner mit secure_scanner.py (z.B. tippe cd Desktop, wenn es dort ist).
Gib python secure_scanner.py --go-dummy-mode ein und drücke Enter.
Ein Fenster (GUI) mit Steuerungen erscheint.
Schritt 7: Den Port-Scanner Nutzen
In der GUI, schaue auf den Abschnitt "Port Scanner".
Gib einen Host (z.B. localhost) in das "Host"-Feld ein.
Lasse "Start Port" bei 1 und "End Port" bei 100 (oder ändere sie).
Klicke auf "Scan"—Ergebnisse erscheinen unten (z.B. "Port 80: open").
Schritt 8: Den Chat-Server Nutzen
In "Encrypted Chat", lasse "Server Host" bei 0.0.0.0 und "Port" bei 8888.
Klicke auf "Start Server"—der Status zeigt "Server running".
Du brauchst einen Signal-Client zum Testen (vorerst ist es bereit, aber braucht eine Verbindung).
Schritt 9: SMS mit Phantom Reaper Senden
In "Remote Number/Email", gib eine Nummer ein (z.B. +15551234567—teste mit deiner eigenen).
In "Message", tippe "Hallo!".
Klicke auf "Phantom Reaper"—überprüfe dein Telefon für die SMS.
Schritt 10: Verschlüsselte E-Mail Senden
In "Remote Number/Email", gib eine E-Mail ein (z.B. freund@protonmail.com).
In "Message", tippe "Geheim!".
Wähle "3 sec" bei "Email Key Rotation".
Klicke auf "Send Encrypted Email"—überprüfe die E-Mail (sie wird verschlüsselt sein).
Russian Version: Пошаговые Инструкции для Новичка в Python
Шаг 1: Установить Python
Python — это программа, которая запускает ваш код.
Откройте браузер и перейдите на python.org.
Нажмите "Downloads" и выберите последнюю версию (например, Python 3.11).
Скачайте установщик для вашей системы (Windows, Mac или Linux).
Откройте скачанный файл, чтобы начать установку.
Отметьте галочку "Add Python to PATH", чтобы компьютер мог его найти.
Нажмите "Install Now" и дождитесь завершения.
Для проверки: Откройте командную строку (Windows: найдите "cmd") или терминал (Mac/Linux), введите python --version и нажмите Enter. Вы должны увидеть "Python 3.11.5" или что-то похожее.
Шаг 2: Установить Необходимые Библиотеки
Библиотеки добавляют Python дополнительные возможности.
Откройте командную строку или терминал.
Введите эти команды по одной, нажимая Enter после каждой:
pip install cryptography (для шифрования).
pip install libsignal-protocol-python (для Signal).
pip install twilio (для SMS).
Дождитесь завершения каждой команды (текст будет прокручиваться).
Для проверки: Введите pip list и найдите cryptography, twilio и т.д. в списке.
Шаг 3: Сохранить Скрипт
Скрипт — это ваша основная программа.
Откройте текстовый редактор (например, Блокнот на Windows, TextEdit на Mac или VS Code).
Скопируйте весь скрипт сверху.
Вставьте его в текстовый редактор.
Сохраните как secure_scanner.py (убедитесь, что он заканчивается на .py).
Сохраните в папку, которую легко найти, например, "Рабочий стол" или "Документы".
Шаг 4: Настроить Twilio для SMS (Phantom Reaper)
Twilio позволяет отправлять SMS.
Перейдите на twilio.com и зарегистрируйтесь с email и паролем.
После входа нажмите "Get a Twilio phone number" и скопируйте номер (например, +1-555-123-4567).
На панели Twilio найдите "Account SID" и "Auth Token" и скопируйте их.
Откройте secure_scanner.py в текстовом редакторе.
Найдите функцию phantom_reaper_connect.
Замените YOUR_ACCOUNT_SID, YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN и YOUR_TWILIO_NUMBER на ваши данные Twilio.
Сохраните файл.
Шаг 5: Настроить ProtonMail для Зашифрованных Писем
ProtonMail отправляет ваши защищенные письма, но требует ProtonMail Bridge.
Зарегистрируйтесь на proton.me, если у вас нет аккаунта (используйте @protonmail.com или @proton.me).
Скачайте ProtonMail Bridge с proton.me/support/protonmail-bridge (только Windows или Mac).
Установите и запустите ProtonMail Bridge (войдите в свой аккаунт).
В Bridge перейдите в "Mailbox configuration" и запишите пароль (он отличается от пароля входа).
Откройте secure_scanner.py в редакторе.
Найдите функцию send_encrypted_email.
Замените "YOUR_PROTONMAIL_ADDRESS@protonmail.com" на ваш адрес ProtonMail (например, moeimya@protonmail.com).
Замените "YOUR_BRIDGE_PASSWORD" на пароль от Bridge.
Сохраните файл.
Шаг 6: Запустить Скрипт
Откройте командную строку или терминал.
Перейдите в папку с secure_scanner.py (например, введите cd Рабочий стол, если он там).
Введите python secure_scanner.py --go-dummy-mode и нажмите Enter.
Появится окно (GUI) с элементами управления.
Шаг 7: Использовать Сканер Портов
В GUI найдите раздел "Port Scanner".
Введите хост (например, localhost) в поле "Host".
Оставьте "Start Port" на 1 и "End Port" на 100 (или измените).
Нажмите "Scan"—результаты появятся ниже (например, "Port 80: open").
Шаг 8: Использовать Сервер Чата
В "Encrypted Chat" оставьте "Server Host" как 0.0.0.0 и "Port" как 8888.
Нажмите "Start Server"—статус покажет "Server running".
Для теста нужен клиент Signal (пока он готов, но требует подключения).
Шаг 9: Отправить SMS с Phantom Reaper
В "Remote Number/Email" введите номер (например, +15551234567—проверьте на своем).
В "Message" напишите "Привет!".
Нажмите "Phantom Reaper"—проверьте телефон на наличие SMS.
Шаг 10: Отправить Зашифрованное Письмо
В "Remote Number/Email" введите email (например, drug@protonmail.com).
В "Message" напишите "Секрет!".
Выберите "3 sec" в "Email Key Rotation".
Нажмите "Send Encrypted Email"—проверьте письмо (оно будет зашифровано).
